[All hosts](Publishing) Update to match VS Code UI changes (#3596)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/publish/publish-add-in-vs-code.md

1. Open your project from its root folder in Visual Studio Code (VS Code).
2. From the Extensions view in VS Code, search for the Azure Storage extension and install it.
3. Once installed, an Azure icon is added to the Activity Bar. Select it to access the extension. If your Activity Bar is hidden, you won't be able to access the extension. Show the Activity Bar by selecting **View > Appearance > Activity Bar**.
4. When in the extension, sign in to your Azure account by selecting **Sign in to Azure**. You can also create an Azure account if you don't already have one by selecting **Create an Azure account**. Follow the provided steps to set up your account.

> 5. Once you have signed in to your Azure account, you'll see your Azure storage accounts appear in the extension. If you don't already have a storage account, create one using the **Create Storage Account** option in the command palette. Name your storage account a globally unique name, using only 'a-z' and '0-9'. Note that by default, this creates a storage account and a resource group with the same name. It automatically puts the storage account in West US. This can be adjusted online through [your Azure account](https://portal.azure.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once you're signed in, you'll see your Azure storage accounts appear in the extension. If you don't already have a storage account, create one using the **Create Storage Account** option in the command palette. Name your storage account a globally unique name, using only 'a-z' and '0-9'. Note that by default, this creates a storage account and a resource group with the same name. It automatically puts the storage account in West US. This can be adjusted online through [your Azure account](https://portal.azure.com/).
```

> 6. Select and hold (right-click) your storage account, choosing **Configure Static Website**. You'll be asked to enter the index document name and the 404 document name. Change the index document name from the default `index.html` to **`taskpane.html`**. You may also change the 404 document name but are not required to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select and hold (right-click) your storage account and choose **Configure Static Website**. You'll be asked to enter the index document name and the 404 document name. Change the index document name from the default `index.html` to **`taskpane.html`**. You may also change the 404 document name but are not required to.
```

> 7. Select and hold (right-click) your storage again, this time choosing **Browse Static Website**. Copy the website URL from the browser window that opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select and hold (right-click) your storage again and this time choose **Browse Static Website**. From the browser window that opens, copy the website URL.
```

1. Open your project from its root folder in Visual Studio Code (VS Code).
2. From the Extensions view in VS Code, search for the Azure Storage extension and install it.
3. Once installed, an Azure icon is added to the Activity Bar. Select it to access the extension. If your Activity Bar is hidden, you won't be able to access the extension. Show the Activity Bar by selecting **View > Appearance > Activity Bar**.
4. When in the extension, sign in to your Azure account by selecting **Sign in to Azure**. You can also create an Azure account if you don't already have one by selecting **Create an Azure account**. Follow the provided steps to set up your account.

> 5. Once you have signed in to your Azure account, you'll see your Azure storage accounts appear in the extension. If you don't already have a storage account, create one using the **Create Storage Account** option in the command palette. Name your storage account a globally unique name, using only 'a-z' and '0-9'. Note that by default, this creates a storage account and a resource group with the same name. It automatically puts the storage account in West US. This can be adjusted online through [your Azure account](https://portal.azure.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Once signed in to your Azure account, you'll see your Azure storage accounts appear in the extension. If you don't already have a storage account, create one using the **Create Storage Account** option in the command palette. Name your storage account a globally unique name, using only 'a-z' and '0-9'. Note that by default, this creates a storage account and a resource group with the same name. It automatically puts the storage account in West US. This can be adjusted online through [your Azure account](https://portal.azure.com/).
```

> 6. Select and hold (right-click) your storage account, choosing **Configure Static Website**. You'll be asked to enter the index document name and the 404 document name. Change the index document name from the default `index.html` to **`taskpane.html`**. You may also change the 404 document name but are not required to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Select and hold (right-click) your storage account, choosing **Configure Static Website**. You'll be asked to enter the index document name and the 404 document name. Change the index document name from the default `index.html` to **`taskpane.html`**. You may also change the 404 document name but aren't required to.
```

10. To deploy, select the Files explorer, select and hold (right-click) your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website via Azure Storage**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/deploy-to-static-website.png" alt-text="Selecting the dist folder, right-clicking, and choosing Deploy to Static Website via Azure Storage.":::

> 11. When deployment is complete, right-click the storage account that you created previously, and choose **Browse Static Website**. This will open the static web site and display the task pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. When deployment is complete, right-click the storage account that you created previously and choose **Browse Static Website**. This opens the static web site and displays the task pane.
```

> 10. To deploy, select the Files explorer, select and hold (right-click) your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website via Azure Storage**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. To deploy, select File Explorer, select and hold (right-click) your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website via Azure Storage**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.
```

Reviewer 2: Per [VS Code docs](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface). If you accept this suggestion, line 110 will also need to be updated (I couldn't add a suggestion to the line).
